---
Title: Wanda Wayne Gilmore
---

## Wanda Wayne Gilmore

When Wanda Wayne Gilmore was born on 27 January 1927, in Aquilla, Hill County, Texas, her father, [Jesse Aubry Gilmore](/docs/Gilmore/The%20Gilmores.md), was 32 and her mother, [Clemmie Marie Scruggs](/docs/Gilmore/Clemmie%20Marie%20Scruggs.md), was 28. She died on 30 September 2011, in West, McLennan County, Texas, at the age of 84, and was buried in Aquilla, Hill County, Texas.

### Obituary

Wanda (Gilmore) Adams, age 84, of Aquilla, passed away early Friday morning, September 30, 2011 at West Rest Haven in West. Funeral services will be held 10:00 a.m. Monday at Lebanon United Methodist Church near Aquilla, with Rev. Don Elrod officiating. Burial will follow at New Lebanon Cemetery. The family will receive visitors from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday at the funeral home. Mrs. Adams was born January 27, 1927 in Hill County, the daughter of Jessie Aubrey and Cleme Marie (Scruggs) Gilmore. She attended the Lebanon school. On January 3, 1944, she was united in marriage to Emil Adams in Waco. He preceded her in death on February 15, 1979. Wanda worked in production for M&M Mars in Waco for over 10 years before retiring in 1992. She also worked as a waitress for the West Auction Barn Caf and the Czech American Restaurant and as a seamstress for Wolf Manufacturing in West and Wood's Manufacturing in Waco. She was a lifelong and faithful member of the Lebanon United Methodist Church where she taught Sunday School. Wanda enjoyed crocheting, collecting dolls and stuffed animals, working in her yard, and playing dominoes. She especially loved spending time with her family. Wanda is also preceded in death by her parents; a brother, Harlan Joe Gilmore; and a sister, Bonnie Reese. Survivors include two sons, Ronnie E. Adams and wife Retha of Aquilla and Ricky E. Adams and wife Gladys of Mt. Calm; two daughters, Cathy Rogers and husband Cecil of Aquilla and Linda Faughn and husband Doyle of Kerens; 10 grandchildren; 18 great grandchildren; 3 great great grandchildren; and many nieces, nephews, other relatives and friends. Active pallbearers are Ricky Adams Jr., Ryan Adams, Brandon Barsh, Bill Barsh, Colton Adams, and Dylan Adams. Honorary pallbearers are Trent Sappington, Joni Boman, Lisa Sappington, Ashley Gaulden and Amber Perez. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Lebanon United Methodist Church.